Destroy his magic weapon first
Let's see what he fights with us
Liu Jun's move
Evil spirits cannot escape
You've been ghosts for too long
The entertainment is reported
Long to come
I'll settle the bill with you next time.
I think it's your turn, no no no no
It's that pair of ghosts who hurt me now
In fact, my sister has been protecting me
They misunderstood him
Sir, please believe me.
I have never done anything to hurt the first day of junior high school
Humans and Scorpions are different
It is God's will that you do not enter reincarnation
Get close to people
aggravated crime
Get out of the way
Grandpa, I-I can't let you hurt him
Unpromising stuff
When I put an end to this scourge
I'll take care of your grandpa
Sister, hurry up
On the first day of junior high school, if you don't leave
Grandpa will really kill you
On the first day of junior high school, let me go